## Hibernate
*************
#### 712. What is Hibernate framework?
#### 713. What is an Object Relational Mapping (ORM)?
#### 714. What is the purpose of Configuration Interface in Hibernate?
#### 715. What is Object Relational Impedance Mismatch?
#### 716. What are the main problems of Object Relational Impedance Mismatch?
#### 717. What are the key characteristics of Hibernate?
#### 718. Can you tell us about the core interfaces of Hibernate framework?
#### 719. How will you map the columns of a DB table to the properties of a Java class in Hibernate?
#### 720. Does Hibernate make it mandatory for a mapping file to have .hbm.xml extension?
#### 721. What are the steps for creating a SessionFactory in Hibernate?
#### 722. Why do we use POJO in Hibernate?
#### 723. What is Hibernate Query Language (HQL)?
#### 724. How will you call a stored procedure in Hibernate?
#### 725. What is Criteria API in Hibernate?
#### 726. Why do we use HibernateTemplate?
#### 727. How can you see SQL code generated by Hibernate on console?
#### 728. What are the different types of collections supported by Hibernate?
#### 729. What is the difference between session.save() and session.saveOrUpdate() methods in Hibernate?
#### 730. What are the advantages of Hibernate framework over JDBC?
#### 731. How can we get statistics of a SessionFactory in Hibernate?
#### 732. What is the Transient state of an object in Hibernate?
#### 733. What is the Detached state of an object in Hibernate?
#### 734. What is the use of Dirty Checking in Hibernate?
#### 735. What is the purpose of Callback interface in Hibernate?
#### 736. What are the different ORM levels in Hibernate?
#### 737. What are the different ways to configure a Hibernate application?
#### 738. What is Query Cache in Hibernate?
#### 739. What are the different types of Association mappings supported by Hibernate?
#### 740. What are the different types of Unidirectional Association mappings in Hibernate?
#### 741. What is Unit of Work design pattern?
#### 742. In Hibernate, how can an object go in Detached state?
#### 743. How will you order the results returned by a Criteria in Hibernate?
#### 744. How does Example criterion work in Hibernate?
#### 745. How does Transaction management work in Hibernate?
#### 746. How can we mark an entity/collection as immutable in Hibernate?
#### 747. What are the different options to retrieve an object from database in Hibernate?
#### 748. How can we auto-generate primary key in Hibernate?
#### 749. How will you re-attach an object in Detached state in Hibernate?
#### 750. What is the first level of cache in Hibernate?
#### 751. What are the different second level caches available in Hibernate?752.Which is the default transaction factory in Hibernate?
#### 753. What are the options to disable second level cache in Hibernate?
#### 754. What are the different fetching strategies in Hibernate?
#### 755. What is the difference between Immediate fetching and Lazy collection fetching?
#### 756. What is ‘Extra lazy fetching’ in Hibernate?
#### 757. How can we check is a collection is initialized or not under Lazy Initialization strategy?
#### 758. What are the different strategies for cache mapping in Hibernate?
#### 759. What is the difference between a Set and a Bag in Hibernate?
#### 760. How can we monitor the performance of Hibernate in an application?
#### 761. How can we check if an Object is in Persistent, Detached or Transient state in Hibernate?
#### 762. What is ‘the inverse side of association’ in a mapping?
#### 763. What is ORM metadata?
#### 764. What is the difference between load() and get() method in Hibernate?
#### 765. When should we use get() method or load() method in Hibernate?
#### 766. What is a derived property in Hibernate?
#### 767. How can we use Named Query in Hibernate?
#### 768. What are the two locking strategies in Hibernate?
#### 769. What is the use of version number in Hibernate?
#### 770. What is the use of session.lock() method in Hibernate?
#### 771. What inheritance mapping strategies are supported by Hibernate?Maven
#### 772. What is Maven?
#### 773. What are the main features of Maven?
#### 774. What areas of a Project can you manage by using Maven?
#### 775. What are the main advantages of Maven?
#### 776. Why do we say “Maven uses convention over configuration”?
#### 777. What are the responsibilities of a Build tool like Maven?
#### 778. What are the differences between Ant and Maven?
#### 779. What is MOJO in Maven?
#### 780. What is a Repository in Maven?
#### 781. What are the different types of repositories in Maven?
#### 782. What is a local repository in Maven?
#### 783. What is a central repository in Maven?
#### 784. What is a Remote repository in Maven?
#### 785. Why we should not store jars in CVS or any other version control system instead of Maven repository?
#### 786. Can anyone upload JARS or artifacts to Central Repository?
#### 787. What is a POM?
#### 788. What is Super POM?
#### 789. What are the main required elements in POM file?
#### 790. What are the phases in Build lifecycle in Maven?
#### 791. What command will you use to package your Maven project?792.What is the format of fully qualified artifact name of a Maven project?
#### 793. What is an Archetype in Maven?
#### 794. What is the command in Maven to generate an Archetype?
#### 795. What are the three main build lifecycles of Maven?
#### 796. What are the main uses of a Maven plugin?
#### 797. How will you find the version of a plugin being used?
#### 798. What are the different types of profile in Maven? Where will you defi ne these profiles?
#### 799. What are the different setting files in Maven? Where will you find these files?
#### 800. What are the main elements we can find in settings.xml?
#### 801. How will you check the version of Maven in your system?
#### 802. How will you verify if Maven is installed on Windows?
#### 803. What is a Maven artifact?
#### 804. What are the different dependency scopes in Maven?
#### 805. How can we exclude a dependency in Maven?
#### 806. How Maven searches for JAR corresponding to a dependency?
#### 807. What is a transitive dependency in Maven?
#### 808. What are Excluded dependencies in Maven?
#### 809. What are Optional dependencies in Maven?
#### 810. Where will you find the class files after compiling a Maven project successfully?
#### 811. What are the default locations for source, test and build directories in Maven?
#### 812. What is the result of jar:jar goal in Maven?
#### 813. How can we get the debug or error messages from the execution of Maven?
#### 814. What is the difference between a Release version and SNAPSHOT version in Maven?
#### 815. How will you run test classes in Maven?
#### 816. Sometimes Maven compiles the test classes but doesn't run them? What could be the reason for it?
#### 817. How can we skip the running of tests in Maven?
#### 818. Can we create our own directory structure for a project in Maven?
#### 819. What are the differences between Gradle and Maven?
#### 820. What is the difference between Inheritance and Multi-module in Maven?
#### 821. What is Build portability in Maven?